+++
title = "augusthottie"
+++

# Introduction

Hello, I'm augusthottie, a passionate DevOps Engineer who loves building scalable and reliable systems. 
My work revolves around designing, automating, and deploying solutions that streamline development processes
and improve operational efficiency.

## Experience

I’ve gained extensive experience in containerization using Docker, orchestration with Kubernetes, 
infrastructure automation with Terraform, and monitoring using Grafana and Prometheus. 
My projects include deploying applications like H2OExpress, a Django-based water delivery platform, 
and Telex, where I provisioned infrastructure on EKS using Terraform and implemented monitoring and CI/CD pipelines.

## Goals & Tips 

Recently, I’ve set my sights on becoming a Web3 DevOps Engineer to explore the intersection of blockchain and operations. 
My goal is to integrate decentralized technologies into DevOps workflows, focusing on deploying smart contract infrastructures, 
managing blockchain nodes, and ensuring secure, scalable setups in Web3 environments.

I love sharing tips and tricks from my experience, such as:

- **Use GitHub Actions for CI/CD**: Automate workflows for testing, linting, and deployments efficiently.
- **Leverage Terraform for Infrastructure as Code**: It’s a game-changer for reproducible and scalable infrastructure.
- **Keep Learning**: Whether it’s scripting, cloud platforms, or new trends like Web3, continuous learning is key.
- **Automate Repetitive Tasks**: Tools like Bash, Python, and Ansible can save hours and reduce human error.
- **Monitor Everything**: Observability with Grafana, Prometheus, and Loki is critical for system health and performance.

### Conclusion

I’m excited about the future of DevOps in Web3 and the opportunities to contribute to decentralized solutions that empower innovation and scalability.

### Connect with Me
Let’s connect! You can find me on:

[GitHub](https://github.com/augusthottie)
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-chioma-chimex/)
[X](https://x.com/home)

I’m always open to collaborating on exciting projects and exploring innovative solutions in DevOps and Web3.